1. Current behavior is that the display text “Chow”, “Pung”, and if the claimer is an opponent, “Kong”, “Mahjong”, and “Self-Draw”, teleports a little in a diagonal direction suddenly. The text should animate once then remain static
2. Current behavior is that for tiles discarded from hand, the animation for other players other than the tile discarder sees the tile coming from the center regardless of how many tiles were melded already. Instead, update behavior to show tile coming from center of hand tiles dynamically based on how many tiles are left in hand excluding the drawn tile. So with 13 tiles, it will appear to come from the 7th tile which is the middle tile from both ends, 10 tiles, between 5th and 6th, 7 tiles, 4th tile, and 4 tiles, between 2nd and 3rd. With four melds and only one tile remaining in hand (waiting for the pair to go Mahjong) obviously animation just shows that one tile in hand being discarded, if the tile just drawn from the wall was not discarded
3. When a “Chow” or “Pung” claim is cancelled either on purpose or due to time, for the clarity of other players add “CANCEL” text in dark gray. But do not show “CANCEL” text if “Chow” or “Pung” hasn’t been clicked first. Also, for the player who claimed “Chow” or “Pung” but before discarding, change the current “Pass 過” to “Cancel” in the same gray color
4. Current behavior is now that “Chow” (and presumably “Pung”) claims can be amended to “Mahjong” even if no other players have claims, unlike before. Amending to “Mahjong” should only be possible if another player makes a claim, other than PASS. Also, current behavior is when a higher priority player with “Mahjong” possible chooses to PASS, their “Mahjong” button doesn’t go away even if the lower priority player with “Mahjong” (or another claim) possible chooses to PASS explicitly or implicitly by running out of time. The proper behavior is once the higher priority “Mahjong” claim passes, the buttons should go away and come back for the higher priority player only if the player with the lower priority claim clicks their claim. This behavior should match the interaction with “Pung” versus “Chow”, where the player who passes on “Pung” has the buttons go away if the player with “Chow” also passes either implicitly or explicitly, but if the player with “Chow” tries to claim, then the buttons come back for the player with “Pung”
5. Add final scoring screen, with players listed top to bottom in descending score order with their scores plus WIN, DRAW, or LOSE in their respective colors based on if their final score was positive, zero, or negative. Display for 10 seconds before ending the match
6. Home page buttons need to be smaller on mobile, and also if in portrait orientation game should recommend turning to landscape orientation in the home page and the lobby page, because the player cannot easily join a game without scrolling right if in portrait orientation
7. To save space, in lobby game descriptions, remove Chinese text for rounds (the text ending in 戰)
8. Currently the section with horizontal timer bar covers up top row of discards for the human player on mobile. The horizontal timer bar should be adjusted to not overlap with discards


