Mostly concerning compatibility with not just MacOS but also Windows and mobile
1. Add new stat High Score, which stores the score of the most valuable hand the player has won (max 480)
2. Current behavior on Windows is the gold “Mahjong” text and the red “Kong” text doesn’t show up, for both player and opponents. Update to not only show gold “Mahjong” text and the red “Kong” text, but also give it a gradual animation similar to the “Chow” and “Pung” text
3. Current behavior on Windows requires triple click to discard a tile
4. On mobile, the text inside the central control panel is too big, and the user cannot easily see the tiles remaining, player winds and score easily. Update to make the text smaller for mobile
5. Currently, contested claims are very clunky. If one player makes a claim but another player does not, there is no change of state for the first player and they might wonder if their screen is stuck. If one player has locked in their claim of “Chow” or “Pung” including discarding a tile by double clicking (and does not have an alternative “Mahjong” claim available, temporarily update the game state to remove the change to “PASS” option
6. Continuing from the previous issue, a major cause of information leak is the game moving instantly to the next player’s turn if no claims are possible, and a conspicuous pause when some claim is available. This is especially due to the instant movement of the discarded tile from hand to the discard area. Overhaul the graphics to gradually move the tile so that a discarded tile going from hand to discard area takes 1.5 seconds, even if no claims are possible. However, if any claims are possible allow them to be inputted at this time so a quick pass can avoid giving away information. Finally, also implement gradual movement for tiles forming an exposed meld (or concealed Kong), and also the gradual movement animation for the winning tile if winning on a discard. Since these tiles will move a large distance and potentially rotate 90 (or even 180) degrees, the movement animation should be speedy, but not instantaneous which is the current behavior
7. Change the dice in the center to use pips instead of numerical digits. As per Chinese tradition, the 1 and 4 faces are red pips unlike the other faces which are black (or blue). The 1 pip is also larger, like a large circle, to make it stand out
8. Update the game records to show patterns and total score before ENDGAME. On the line after the line containing MAHJONG, list either the names of the patterns in all caps, or CHICKEN HAND, followed by an extra line with SCORE: int
9. In the central control panel on desktop, beside E, S, W, N, also include the Chinese characters for 東，南，西，北, but do not include for mobile due to lack of space
